Remove CLI built from C++ sources (#309)
Mstrutov/Desbordante: README.md

To use test datasets you will need:
- Git Large File Storage, version 3.0.2+

### Building the project

> #### Building the Python module using pip (this is what you probably want, if you're not a developer)

Reviewer: you're -> you are

Firstly, navigate to a desired directory.
Then, clone the repository, cd into the project directory and launch the following commands:
```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
python3 -m pip install .
```

> Now it's possible to `import desbordante` as a module from within created virtual environment. In particular, now CLI can be used:

Reviewer: 1) it's -> it is
2) In particular... -> Also, this step is mandatory for setting up the CLI interface of Desbordante.

```sh
pip install -r cli/requirements.txt
python3 cli/cli.py --help
```

#### Building tests & the Python module manually
In order to build tests, firstly pull test datasets using the following command:
```sh
./pull_datasets.sh
```
then build the tests themselves:
```sh
./build.sh -j$(nproc)
```

The Python module is built by providing `--pybind` switch:
```sh
./build.sh --pybind -j$(nproc)
```

For more available options take a look at `./build.sh --help`.

The `./build.sh` script generates the following file structure in `/path/to/Desbordante/build/target`:
```bash
├───input_data
│   └───some-sample-csv\'s.csv
├───Desbordante_test
├───desbordante.cpython-*.so
```

The `input_data` directory contains several .csv files that are used by `Desbordante_test`. Run `Desbordante_test` to perform unit testing:
```
cd build/target
./Desbordante_test
```

`desbordante.cpython-*.so` is a Python module, packaging Python bindings for Desbordante core library. In order to use it, simply `import` it:
```
cd build/target
python3
>>> import desbordante
```

> We use [easyloggingpp](https://github.com/abumq/easyloggingpp) in order to log (mostly debug) information in the core library. Python bindings search for a configuration file in the directory from which `desbordante` was imported, so if you want to configure logging, create `logging.conf` in the directory you're importing desbordante form. This means, that for CLI `logging.conf` should be created in a directory from which you execute `cli.py`.

Reviewer: 1) you're -> you are
2) form -> from
3) execute -> run

To use test datasets you will need:
- Git Large File Storage, version 3.0.2+

### Building the project

> #### Building the Python module using pip (this is what you probably want, if you are not a developer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Building the Python module using pip (this is what you probably want if you are not a developer)
```

**NOTE**: this step is mandatory for setting up the Command Line Interface for Desbordante.

> Firstly, navigate to a desired directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firstly, navigate to your directory of choice.
```

Reviewer 2: You're free to reject it, but "of choice" is more common. Search "to a directory of choice" and "to a desired directory" in Google and the numbers will be significantly different.

Author: OK, I agree, good point.

> Then, clone the repository, cd into the project directory and run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
Then, clone the repository, `cd` into the project directory and run the following commands:
```

> Then, clone the repository, cd into the project directory and run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, clone the repository, change the current directory to the project directory and run the following commands:
```

> Then, clone the repository, cd into the project directory and launch the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, clone the repository, cd into the project directory and run the following commands:
```

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
python3 -m pip install .
```

> Now it is possible to `import desbordante` as a module from within created virtual environment. The CLI for Desbordante can be ran using the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now it is possible to `import desbordante` as a module from within the created virtual environment. The CLI for Desbordante can be run using the following commands:
```

```sh
pip install -r cli/requirements.txt
python3 cli/cli.py --help
```

#### Building tests & the Python module manually

> In order to build tests, firstly pull test datasets using the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to build tests, pull the test datasets using the following command:
```

```sh
./pull_datasets.sh
```
then build the tests themselves:
```sh
./build.sh -j$(nproc)
```

> The Python module is built by providing `--pybind` switch:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Python module can be built by providing `--pybind` switch:
```

> The Python module can be built by providing `--pybind` switch:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Python module can be built by providing the `--pybind` switch:
```

```sh
./build.sh --pybind -j$(nproc)
```

> For more available options take a look at `./build.sh --help`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See `./build.sh --help` for more available options.
```
We are going for a formal style, right?

The `./build.sh` script generates the following file structure in `/path/to/Desbordante/build/target`:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```
````

├───input_data
│   └───some-sample-csv\'s.csv
├───Desbordante_test
├───desbordante.cpython-*.so
```

The `input_data` directory contains several .csv files that are used by `Desbordante_test`. Run `Desbordante_test` to perform unit testing:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: nit:
````suggestion
```sh
````

cd build/target
./Desbordante_test
```

`desbordante.cpython-*.so` is a Python module, packaging Python bindings for the Desbordante core library. In order to use it, simply `import` it:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```sh
````

> `desbordante.cpython-*.so` is a Python module, packaging Python bindings for Desbordante core library. In order to use it, simply `import` it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`desbordante.cpython-*.so` is a Python module, packaging Python bindings for the Desbordante core library. In order to use it, simply `import` it:
```

cd build/target
python3
>>> import desbordante
```

> We use [easyloggingpp](https://github.com/abumq/easyloggingpp) in order to log (mostly debug) information in the core library. Python bindings search for a configuration file in the directory from which `desbordante` was imported, so to configure logging, create `logging.conf` in the directory desbordante will be imported from. This means that when running CLI `logging.conf` should be created in the directory from which `cli.py` is run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use [easyloggingpp](https://github.com/abumq/easyloggingpp) in order to log (mostly debug) information in the core library. Python bindings search for a configuration file in the working directory, so to configure logging, create `logging.conf` in the directory from which desbordante will be imported. In particular, when running the CLI, `logging.conf` should be located in the directory from which the command to start it is to be issued.
```

Author: > the command to start it is to be issued.

I think it's better to be specific here

Reviewer 2: Oh, is it expected to install `cli.py` to some directory in `$PATH`?

Reviewer 2: Keeping the name `cli.py` is a pretty bad idea then.

Reviewer 2: > > the command to start it is to be issued.
> 
> I think it's better to be specific here

The specific command is going to look like `/path/to/Desbordante/cli/cli.py` or `python3 /path/to/Desbordante/cli/cli.py` if it's not in `$PATH`

Reviewer 2: > > Keeping the name cli.py is a pretty bad idea then.
> 
> why?

I added it a few seconds after. If it's in `$PATH`, it should have a distinct name. Any number of programs could be called `cli.py`, and there should be no ambiguity here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use [easyloggingpp](https://github.com/abumq/easyloggingpp) in order to log (mostly debug) information in the core library. Python bindings search for a configuration file in the working directory, so to configure logging, create `logging.conf` in the directory from which desbordante will be imported. In particular, when running `python3 ./relative/path/to/cli.py`, `logging.conf` should be located in `.`.
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, "`cli.py`" isn't the exact command, it's the file, right? Then the current version is fine, though some further emphasis would be nice ("is to be run." -> "is to be run, which is not necessarily the same directory it is located in.", if that's what is meant).

> We use [easyloggingpp](https://github.com/abumq/easyloggingpp) in order to log (mostly debug) information in the core library. Python bindings search for a configuration file in the directory from which `desbordante` was imported, so if you want to configure logging, create `logging.conf` in the directory you are importing desbordante from. This means, that for CLI `logging.conf` should be created in a directory from which you run `cli.py`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use [easyloggingpp](https://github.com/abumq/easyloggingpp) in order to log (mostly debug) information in the core library. Python bindings search for a configuration file in the directory from which `desbordante` was imported, so to configure logging, create `logging.conf` in the directory desbordante will be imported from. This means that for CLI `logging.conf` should be created in the directory from which `cli.py` is run.
```
"For CLI"?
